Well then, this time's the video, but before Mr. Sato gives hyper guidance to two people
And yes please the fact that what you want to place Yes er, etc.
This only get to hear it is the additional ration north of update
I Kata Kata
My update is
Not everyone wants to bring it to the same place
It can also be seen that since my I and for example can be seen and get a look at the mop
Hyper different
Crap bother to have the same ball the competing mouth thickening will not believe me
It's impossible to put it in a pan, it's impossible, so it's impossible, so why not
I think it is my job to bring out the natural flow for that person
Or is why finished goods, for example, and entertainment Naa become another if this little
5 dimensions in the world
How do you say that I got a lot ?
So N U
Maybe it's an advice to burrow
It doesn't apply to Sakai-kun, so the opposite is true.
Pokkuru destination will not be different one by one but
Nice to got to say I thought think it a little different
A lot of bad rules are not coming out
So in the previous because really elaborate
It is to leave also heard two I want to go coat of car
We would like to proceed Konosaki while for a moment that also talk it means I
I will
It seems that the goal tailored to the individual is different
Rumor to say boo
I think it is a par play to practice the processor
I'm young, so I 'll pay attention to it
Please say that, yes
Only I'm thinking of that each other accept
Therefore, squid not cans
z in English Yes By the way, in the tape adjustment of that earlier
How was
And try that
Totally different completely different
very well
I threw it easy, so I was so surprised
Surprisingly do you think
In fact, once
Not when the story at the time that I had done Center is another such deep
I did not talk about it, so I was lucky
Yes Yes
The other for the first time since the idea to go to Europe and the United States broke off in about the Toka not it good
I do not talk firm
I see, I understand. Well, from here, I will enter about individual maa contents.
It's disturbing Thank you very much Asai car